Workshop feedback (#3)
ShipEngine/elements-auth-example: README.md

1. Install dependencies

Install with npm

```bash
npm install
```

Installl with yarn

```bash
yarn
```

2a. Start the application

Start with npm

```bash
npm start
```

Start with yarn

```bash
yarn start
```

2b. Start application for development

Start with npm in dev mode (watch mode)

```bash
npm dev
```

Start with yarn in dev mode (watch mode)

```bash
yarn dev

> ```

Reviewer: A little chunky here. These can be consolidated into either npm or yarn given that the scripts are the same and then could add a blurb stating to replace with npm/yarn for preference if you think that's necessary.

> 3. Request a token from the application

Reviewer: A token can be generated without passing the tenant ID? and what would be the reason to exclude it?

  "privateKeyFileName": "private.pem",
  "platformTokenIssuer": "json issuer",
  "platformTokenKeyId": "json platform key id",
  "scope": "json scope",
  "partnerId": "json partner id",

>   "tenantId": "json tenant",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "tenantId": "json tenant id",
```

| **platformTokenKeyId**  | Used as an identifier for the public RSA key that was submitted to your Account Manager. This value will be provided to you by your Account Manager after your public RSA key has been submitted.             |
| **scope**               | Used to determine the permissions for the generated token. This value will be provided to you by your Account Manager.                                                                                        |
| **partnerId**           | Your ShipEngine Account Identification, unique to your organization, not to be confused with a tenantId. This is provided for you by your Account Manager when you register to the ShipEngine Partner program |
| **privateKey**          | Your generated RSA private key in string format                                                                                                                                                               |

> | **privateKeyFilename**  | File name of your generated RSA private key                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **privateKeyFilename**  | The file name where your generated RSA private key is stored                                                                                                                                                                |
```
